Altamash is an undergraduate engineering student at Texas A&M University pursuing a major in Computer Science and minors in Cybersecurity and Mathematics. He has a passion for software and security. His interest in the privacy, security, and transparency of software systems has turned him into a strong proponent of blockchain. Altamash is currently working on developing smart contracts for the Ethereum blockchain network. He hopes to one day develop his own blockchain protocol capable of serving as the infrastructure for decentralized applications. As a precursor to this project, Altamash developed a cryptocurrency token based on the ERC-20 standard which is ready to be listed on exchanges. Altamash firmly believes that blockchain will play an increasingly important role in our society in the future.

Altamash has a strong background in other fields as well. He was one of ten students selected for Texas A&M’s inaugural Cybersecurity Apprenticeship Program. As part of this program, he got to work as a tier-one analyst alongside professionals in the campus security operations center. He investigated security events from campus-wide data sources, responded to threats, and mitigated risks. Before that, Altamash had been a member of DECA for 4 years. DECA is a student-led business organization where young professionals tackle different marketing case studies and scenarios. He competed at the international DECA competition in 2017 and 2018. He finished as a finalist in 2017 where he placed top 10 in the World in Sports and Entertainment Marketing. In his last year with DECA, Altamash served as vice president of his chapter. Altamash was also a member of the Boy Scouts of America from 2008-2018. In his decade of service with Troop 797, Altamash gained valuable life skills, sharpened his survival skills, and ultimately achieved the rank of Eagle Scout. Altamash says these skills play a significant role in his life everyday and will continue to do so as he looks ahead to a professional career in engineering.